Weak feature dependencies (#591)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk: README.md

- **matrix-sdk-crypto** - No (network) IO encryption state machine that can be
  used to add Matrix E2EE support to your client or client library.

## Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV)

> These crates are build with Rust language version 2021 and require a minimum compiler version of `1.60`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These crates are built with the Rust language version 2021 and require a minimum compiler version of `1.60`
```

> These crates are build with Rust language version 2021 and require a minimum compiler version of `> 1.60`

Reviewer 2: This reads weird and `>` is wrong. It should be either "minimum compiler version of 1.60" or "<del>minimum</del> compiler version of `>= 1.60`". I would prefer the former.
